Add Trust Proxy configuration tip for Uptime Kuma (#131)
louislam/uptime-kuma-wiki: Reverse-Proxy.md

Reviewer: +300 -300 

It is not review-able. I guess you changed the newline char.

Related issue: https://github.com/louislam/uptime-kuma/issues/6399

>
> If using Apache or NGINX, it is recommended to use CertBot to manage SSL for free, it uses Let’s Encrypt to get it’s certificates and keeps them renewed. You can also use your own certificates and place them as shown above. If using CertBot use the "Without SSL" settings and then run certbot on it and it will automatically configure auto-HTTPS redirection.

> [!TIP]
> If behind an using a reverse proxy (such as Nginx, Apache, etc.) and Uptime kuma is only avaliable via this due to firewall rules (!) you may allow us to trust the headers of the reverse proxy.
> Access the `Settings` > `Reverse Proxy` > `HTTP Headers`, and set `Trust Proxy` to Yes.

> > This allows the system to trust the `X-Forwarded-*` headers, thereby obtaining the correct client IP address in logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!TIP]
> If you’re running Uptime Kuma **fully** behind a reverse proxy (such as Nginx, Apache, etc.) and it is only accessible through that proxy due to firewall restrictions, you can enable trusted proxy headers.
> 
> Go to `Settings` → `Reverse Proxy` → `HTTP Headers` and set `Trust Proxy` to Yes.
> 
> This allows the system to trust the `X-Forwarded-*` headers, ensuring that the correct client IP address appears in the logs.
```

>
> If using Apache or NGINX, it is recommended to use CertBot to manage SSL for free, it uses Let’s Encrypt to get it’s certificates and keeps them renewed. You can also use your own certificates and place them as shown above. If using CertBot use the "Without SSL" settings and then run certbot on it and it will automatically configure auto-HTTPS redirection.

> [!TIP]

> > If you are using a reverse proxy (such as Nginx, Apache, etc.), please access the Uptime Kuma backend → 「Settings」→「Reverse Proxy」→「HTTP Headers」, and set `Trust Proxy` to Yes. This allows the system to trust the `X-Forwarded-*` headers, thereby obtaining the correct client IP address.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> If behind an using a reverse proxy (such as Nginx, Apache, etc.) and Uptime kuma is only avaliable via this due to firewall rules (!) you may allow us to trust the headers of the reverse proxy.
> Access the `Settings` > `Reverse Proxy` > `HTTP Headers`, and set `Trust Proxy` to Yes.
> This allows the system to trust the `X-Forwarded-*` headers, thereby obtaining the correct client IP address in logs.
```
